= knife-chop:TODO list

* Fix some of the small things exhibited in this run

 STEP: Resource 1: Upload environments ...
 WARN: Ignoring webDev.json
 WARN: Ignoring webDevInt.json
 WARN: Ignoring webQA.json
 WARN: Ignoring webQAInt.json
 STEP: Updated Environment webDev
 STEP: Updated Environment webDevInt
 STEP: Updated Environment webQA
 STEP: Updated Environment webQAInt
 STEP: Updated Environment webProd
 STEP: Resource 2: Upload roles ...
 STEP: Updated Role webBase!
 STEP: Updated Role webChef!
 STEP: Updated Role webDrupalAny!
 STEP: Updated Role webDrupalFS!
 STEP: Updated Role webDrupalRebootSupport!
 STEP: Updated Role webDrupalSI!
 STEP: Updated Role webIngester!
 STEP: Updated Role webUGCDrupal!
 STEP: Updated Role webUGCDrupalPerf!
 STEP: Updated Role webUGCDrupalSI!
 STEP: Updated Role webUGCDrupalSIPerf!
 STEP: Updated Role webVPCGatewayNonProd!
 STEP: Updated Role webVPCGatewayProd!
 STEP: Resource 3: Upload data bags ...
=== Data bags typically don't have rb versions so the precedence set for them should exclude the 'rb'
 WARN: 'rb' set is empty! (No data_bags/aws/*.rb files found using precedence ["json", "rb"])
 WARN: 'rb' set is empty! (No data_bags/users/*.rb files found using precedence ["json", "rb"])
 STEP: Resource 4: Upload cookbooks ...
=== The environment the cookbooks are being uploaded to ? Dependencies off?
 STEP: Uploading role           [1.0.11]
 STEP: Uploaded 1 cookbook.
 STEP: Uploading role           [1.0.11]
 STEP: Uploaded 1 cookbook.
 STEP: Uploading role           [1.0.11]
 STEP: Uploaded 1 cookbook.
 STEP: Uploading role           [1.0.11]
 STEP: Uploaded 1 cookbook.
 STEP: Uploading role           [1.0.11]
 STEP: Uploaded 1 cookbook.

:doc: